recently we looked at some of your worst
tech support
nightmares how do you even do what to
heal the trauma we thought we'd change
gears and take a look at some of your
most ingenious tech support fixes like
this
one oh my God that's a SIM card that's
sick dude so the the PCB for whatever
device this is oh it didn't come with
the little bracket for it yeah buddy I
love this yeah I don't think I've ever
seen somebody solder to a SIM card
that's very clever I built a Linux PC
inside an IBM keyboard the least
practical battery powered laptop I
flipping love it at least it probably
like thonks dude look at these arrow
keys wow this is sick as hell it's added
USB to it that's probably where the
computer lives the double function Row
god that's amazing a wrist breaking
typing
angle oh my goodness look at this
display the keyboard to screen ratio
here it's like 5 to1 or something and
you can tell just looking at this thing
that this is absolutely the kind of
person to use a track ball
Mouse this is cool as heck cool as heck
not tech support MacGyver it's a mods
should have deleted this a mcgyver
solution is defined as fixing something
by using parts that are not the intended
replacement parts or
using yeah I wouldn't say this mcgyver
this is just neat this is just amazing
how about this one yeah all right I I
can get behind that this is great it's a
lot of effort you just screw the back
play off desolder the cable ad Toc
adapter from AliExpress that is so cool
oh yeah that's mint I mean okay well
well I mean it's not mint but it it
functions and there's going to be so
much more really look at how we patched
together this segue to our sponsor get
it patched you green juice up your phone
quickly with the new Uno 100 W charger
according to you green it Powers up an
iPhone 15 Pro from 0 to 60% in just 30
minutes plus it even Smiles at you how
cute is that check out the ug green Uno
series at the link in the video
description you ready for some more uh
r/ tech mcgyver oh my God no no this
took me a
second this is like plastic bag Plus+
there wouldn't even be watertight like
it's just easy access the tech painted
it to match the house that's like pretty
good did nobody stop and ask questions
is that eggshell or uh hard to tell I
don't actually care hard to tell the
finish it just seems like a waste of a
perfectly good cooler yeah oh my God a
hot rod let's go yeah I'm into I'm into
that I love this too this is how you get
to like PC modding I'm sure this this is
a video we've done this video before if
you need to put a GPU in one of these
systems there is no reason why that pcie
slot can't take a taller GPU you might
just want to put a little bit of
electrical tape based on how it's not
super mounted and that's pretty close
yeah that could short the back of the
card that's a good Tech tip it might
just fall out put a zip tie around the
bracket maybe dude yeah bumping this
computer cuz it's not like it's screwed
into anything no at this point I feel
like you should just leave the side
panel off they did put the side panel
back on with the zip tie my god with zip
ties oh this one's super vintage 10
years ago yeah is that's super smart
super smart what is
this hell yeah is that a Dremel disc is
that a cutting disc it's velcro baby
clever to use the washer on it too this
glue offici on auto here washer this is
just just Peak that might be aoxy I
think that's epoxy this isxy that's a
permanent fixer you know Apple would be
proud I think they should come with this
standard yeah mag sa your heart out the
school uses two Chromebooks as clocks
literally though 100% And supported this
message I am so into this this is great
Reduce Reuse those are the two most
important RS the IT guy at this school
has uh he's been there a while Chad
energy the message attached to it is
also great I think if they were just in
the ceiling without that message then
I'd be like what the hell but props on
them they said they needed 10 computers
in the middle of nowhere and they wanted
an attractive drop on no budget yes
there's a lot of school it
guys shower rod what shower rod I'm
taking notes for for the lab oh the drop
oh yeah yeah yeah you see the little
joint in the middle dude dude that's
actually great you know how expensive
the actual ones are oh I know so my
brother like they bought an office
building for his work and they had like
Herman Miller the previous tenant Herman
Miller drop things that are like two
grand each 10 bucks yeah and look at
this desk look at this Cable Management
yeah it's pretty nice that is a slick
setup I love it oh no no no no no no
please sir oh no what is this copying as
much as I can this window not no that's
not how you do that oh my god he has to
Kickstart it that is not very good is
anyone going to tell him no no with
these older drives this is a 20-year-old
Drive yeah that'll work dust is still a
thing but I guess if you're just trying
to recover it if you're trying to get as
much you can see he's copying but he's
copying honest normally I just put mine
in the freezer hard drives are far more
they're black magic mindboggling than an
SS
but as someone who has had data that's
in limbo I would do anything I would try
anything except that that would not be
on my list of things flash drive has got
too hot so I installed a monster heat
sink I like how they have the thermal
pad thermal
Pad See this won't work cuz that is not
the hot part of your USB key what if
it's metal it still would be so far away
the Chip is going to be all the way over
here you're probably saturating the heat
of the outside case of that USB flash
drives can get to too hot though
especially if the USB port is sitting by
the exhaust or if your laptop has
thermal issues this is possible and
you're writing to it at the same time
those things can combine to create a bad
situation slow it down yeah the monster
makes the it faster for sure fixing my
own network I used a free ISP hotspot
across the street with my coffee can
antenna wow that's an oldie this the
cutest little can see that's what I did
Windows 98 hold on what the hell why
windows 98 that's an oldie but a goodie
what is going on oh it's a background
we've been bamboozled Jake 10 yeah is it
not we were Bamboozled I actually love
this theme yeah yeah dude how have we
never made a video on cantas we need to
do it did we that's cool yeah I didn't
do this for a long time because my
neighbor had a insecured wireless
network but I didn't do it I don't
believe you did it you did it just to
see if you could you could also use the
can as a microphone and then speaker
talk to my neighbor pointed at his
bedroom user said I was the second
person to take a picture of it this week
that is that's hilarious hilarious I
don't understand why they need the wood
though look it holds it up at the bottom
but isn't that what the vase amounts
for it didn't have a vase amount man I
oh my God I figured it out I like the
fact that it's just rubber bands the
rubber bands complete the look I would
worry that the rubber bands would be
blocking part of the screen this is some
my dad would do he'd be like this
monitor well we'll figure it out goes in
the garage gets a hacksaw just yeah yeah
you know what no they even did a pretty
good job of the cut out here man look at
this I mean okay you know they went to
the uh ceiling tile School of using a
jigsaw I love it but they took the time
look they took the time to take the
front lip off cut it and then put it
back together no damage here other than
the emotional damage my Raspberry Pi
heat sink it's just a
screw proba has more of a thermal mass
than a lot of other stuff I I don't
understand why like what is going on
cooling yeah but like it's a heat sink
yeah they got the compound in there it's
not even thermal adhesive so you just
like walk by that thing a little too
aggressively and just shorts the Sho out
of everything well don't do that I
occasionally have to deal with ir
sensors that are not easily accessible
due your fixtures I extended the IR
diode and created the slim Gem of remote
controls you just like stick it behind
something and then do it yeah that's
lovely cool this how this is how they
turn the stomachs of the Teletubbies on
I thought it was more like a prostate
exam can you imagine you go to the
clinic and the doctor pulls out a
Samsung TV remote and like a long wire
and he's like all right oh no I said it
to Spanish oh that's uh I don't know if
this is the tech support this is another
I made something janky it's going to
scratch your iPad though if you have to
interact with this it's going to be sh
but if you're just watching a movie and
you don't move you're like not ADHD you
don't have to like like adjust your
yourself all the time this could be
reasonable this is a great novelty item
you should just sell these on AliExpress
for 35 cents I would buy one wanted to
break out the old Wii but couldn't find
the sensor so I ignored Google
apparently candles yeah this is this is
classic yeah what 100% this is a thing
all you need is an IR emitter there's
it's not a data cable connected to it
it's just power that's awesome this 100%
works the sensor bar is a misnomer there
is no sensor in it did they call it a
sensor bar I believe so how to connect
can place the sensor bar those bastards
they lied to us they did door exit
switch press Mouse buttons to Open Door
why I hope it's actually clicking a
button on screen to have a program open
that would be very
clever see I'm starting to feel like
some of these are actually mcgyver this
is great like you had to do something
and so you you made it work and you it
works so you left it there most buttons
you have to press both they like ired
them in series you have to press IQ test
I'm sure they had a good reason to do it
that I cannot see I sure hope so oh my
God what the heck my friend's broke an
SD card someone shoved it too hard
broken circuit line at the bottom right
oh I see yeah yeah yeah yeah there we go
only just barely yeah that's oh that's
happened to me before so they took an
adapter card I don't know if you've ever
popped open an SD card but they're
pretty empty what a boss great job look
at this the little angel hair so he did
fix it oh I guess because there was no
contacts anymore oh and then he just
reconnected the contact great job 300
vacation photos solved that's pretty
dope respect for knowing how to do that
articulated monitor arms are way too
expensive in my country so I built one
you just built something out of wood
badly I is that tech support no that
looks like Dam I like how a nice
6in Gap from the wall now it's
adjustable now I don't want to dunk on
because they're saying like it was too
expensive for me in my country you have
like the $100 Xbox controller I don't
know man I don't want to judge but that
seems like a lot of work for what was
accomplished Best Buy requires laptop to
boot an OS to do a trade in oh yeah
that's oh my God that is that is genius
so you stashed it internally so you
could boot this laptop to get a trade in
so there's a USB a port here so they
just grabbed the contacts threw them
onto here so that they could close the
shell no I got you yeah I'm picking up
what you're putting down I love it cuz
Windows doesn't like to be installed on
an external drive I wonder didn't say
windows just say it has to Bo so this is
probably just some Linux live image that
is uh very very difficult to pull off I
mean to be fair that's what Apple does
what do you mean all their hard drives
are soldered to the computer yeah
[Laughter]
this is pretty good that's what I do
when I work from home it's funny cuz 7
years ago nobody knew about Mouse
jigglers I bet you just do your job this
is so smart so you got a binder clip a
twist tie no it's a zip tie and then a
painting stir stick and tape genius I'm
glad that it worked wife wanted a fit
bit do you think she'll like it yeah
with a little OLED display it's got I
like how that's really never going to
break off wife wanted to
fit this costs more than a podometer you
used to get pedometers in serial boxes
that's true but she wanted a Fitbit so
if you's got a Bluetooth adapter on
there no no that's just like that's not
a this is not a fit if you start
sweating this catches on
fire oh yeah that's real Jank oh yeah
okay this is good data recovery I like
it extreme respect cuz that is the board
from a USB key and then if you can see
the USB at the end of it has broken off
of the board I'm Amazed I'm amazed that
like the traces were still intact no no
no like he's it broke off and then he's
put it in a USB extension and then he's
gone onto the pads where the like
connector would go oh I've definitely
broken a USB stick in a manner where
like you had to like push it up to get
it to work s hard drives too 100% if you
ever accidentally snapped it off
sometimes you could just put it back in
there reinforce with hot glue and then
never look at it again my building's PA
microphone was broken these were the
only supplies I could scavenge at the
front desk
so you close it the close it to talk and
then open it again otherwise you just
twist them together and like put
Band-Aids on
them attention students due to recent
budget cuts we used our last Band-Aid is
that extra tips of the bandid or is that
the last of the tape that they had in
their building I think that I I don't
know those look like really really cheap
bandaids this is definitely the kind of
Band-Aids that like your strata would
buy you know when you let your dad fix
your car oh my god oh no here we go
ungrounded extension cord this is like
bloof car that is ridiculous that's so
good though that is amazing wait what do
you flip it to go back down no
way no way this probably required so
much effort that looks like a real
solution not a great one I mean if it
works right but I think that's real I
built myself secret Bluetooth headphones
in my ear muffs so I can listen to
podcasts at work sure I guess it's like
a Bluetooth board with a switch and a
battery you know you can just buy these
right I love it they might not be
regulation at their work there's
probably a reason why they don't want
you listening to other stuff at your job
yeah that's kind of extremely un oia to
actually have music playing because you
can't hear like people yelling or
screaming at you this is the kind of guy
who's going to drive a forklift into
somebody and just drag them half a
kilometer couldn't find a big enough
flash drive so oh dude that's great I
installed Windows from my old Android
phone one time love it because you could
partition them like it was rooted and I
just made a partition plugged it in
installed Windows off I love it that is
very clever I have done horrible things
before because I didn't have a flash
drive uh when you don't have a flash
drive man you make do yeah you find
something this fan is keeping the output
matrices cool if it is moved all of the
UK TV networks will fall off air
asterisk
damn oh my God it's on a on a stool of
some kind with there's a strap there's a
strap with a box and then duct tap what
this piece of paper doing here that's
instructions don't worry about it don't
ask questions get to word youb change
the color my macard dude it is cool I
flipping love this keyboard probably
types like now I don't care that is so
cool it's not really RGB it's just
colors technically it can switch colors
you just have to switch slide it just
takes a long time you have to just take
the keyboard off like the back CIA that
can play Doom it's like one frame every
8 hours there you go RGB think different
analog maybe you think less I slept
through all my phone alarms today a TENS
unit what's that can basically it zaps
them is this really tech support as much
as it is like body support might might
make me get to work on time I don't know
Luke used to be late for work all the
time we literally did a video on wake up
Tech so that we could give Luke
whichever one was the best at the end
for people who are hard of here there
are actually types of alarms they like
vibrate electri themselves yeah they use
vibrations for mates LTD store.com
electrocution alarm my friend didn't
know what cable he needed so this is
what he took to the
store it's a carbon copy baby that's me
that's great that's so smart actually
genius to just do an impression instead
of drawing oh I wish I was that smart
cuz they're like I need a VGA cable but
it's actually a db25 or something yeah
that's that's very clever also like just
take a picture of it yeah how did they
take how did they take this photo I
don't
know I didn't have the necessary female
female adapters are those carrots are
those carrots I have definitely attached
RCA's male to male with stuff before but
not carrots why did they use it audio
file grade carrots cuz they're
conductive that carrot looks like it's
been through some why is it crusty
this man's got the driest carrots ever
yeah I mean if sure they're juicy on the
inside like all of us used this setup
for a week or two until I had the chance
to grab the had to replace the carrots
once excuse me my carrots are old
they've gone moldy that is such a stupid
way to do that poor just like this poor
segue to our sponsor manscaped they just
dropped their new chairman pro package
and it is packed with everything you
need for a killer shave you're getting
the chairman Pro Electric foil shaver
power shave gel and face shave Soother
all in one one bundle the foil shaver
features a 360 contouring head and two
interchangeable skin safe blade heads so
whether you want your face smooth as
butter or rocking a rugged look they've
got you covered and the best part is
thanks to their flex adjust technology
the pivoting head adjusts to the
Contours of your face and neck so you're
not walking around all day with that one
stray hair bugging you their poers shave
gel and face shave Soother included in
the package also help reduce redness and
irritation both before and after your
shave plus they're Die free cruelty-free
vegan and alcohol free check out the
chairman pro package at manscaped.com
lt20 and use code lt20 for 20% off and
free shipping there are some serious
mcgyver out there that we would be lucky
to have on our team in a sticky
situation as for the rest of you I think
you might have taken the phrase if it's
stupid and it works it's not stupid a
little too literally something can work
and be stupid let us know in the
comments which was your favorite and
reply to our YouTube Community post if
you've got something better than what we
looked at here today